howdy there internet people its beau
again so today we're going to talk about
Wallabies eventually and the good in
humanity and how it comes out at the
worst times after being a part of just
way too many relief efforts one of the
things that I've realized and one of the
things that I've kind of seen as a
redeeming quality when things go bad is
how people pull together and I mean
really pull together after Michael here
everybody pulled together and I mean
everybody and I mean the entire coast
because we knew help wasn't coming we'd
seen what had happened elsewhere we knew
we were on our own and it was great it
was just a fantastic feeling the entire
Coast and I mean everybody just an
impossibly diverse group of people
ethnic religious ideological everybody
banded together and did everything that
they could for everybody that they could
was fantastic in this phenomenon I've
seen a play out over and over again and
last about six months after that in all
fades and it doesn't matter how many
times I've done it I never understand
why it stops I just don't get it
um I can't wait until we can isolate and
figure out why it does stop because that
spirit that exists after things go bad
it's it's the best that humanity has to
offer but we can't have an existential
threat all the time I mean we'll wear
out so there's just some way to master
that cooperation and keep it going it
would be fan
tastic now on to the Wallabies in
Australia right now they've got fires a
lot of them it's really bad and the
species Wallabies there if you don't
know they're like little kangaroos a
little marsupial guys the species isn't
doing well to begin with and the fires
are certainly going to exacerbate that
problem so to help them people are
literally loading thousands of kilograms
of sweet potatoes and carrots into
helicopters and then dumping them out
over their colonies they they live a
little groups and it's just amazing to
me
it's one of those moments that you you
can see it you can see that most people
want a just world and they're willing to
work for it they are willing to work for
it they're willing to fly over fire to
do it
tell kangaroos while Wallabies
and I don't want to take away from that
when I say this because it's wonderful
it's definitely needs to happen this
isn't an either/or what is happening
should definitely continue to happen I
just can't wait until we do the same
thing for people anyway it's just a
thought y'all have a good night